that's good this your girl and the
bronze goddess and i'm here today to do
my what's in my diaper bag video breeze
in case you missed it you wanted to see
what i have in my hospital bag you can
click this right here or i'll have a
link of the description box showing you
guys what I have packed in my bag I want
to show you guys when i'm packing for
baby so here it is right here i'm just
going to set things out to the side as
you guys can kind of see what i have in
my bag here but this is it here this bag
is by elio and i absolutely love it of
course it was going to be black like my
favorite color and we don't know the
gender this is a great kind of neutral
boy or girl color but absolutely love it
my husband can even carry it it's not
super super feminine or girly where he
can't he's embarrassed the carriage bag
I'm gonna head open this guy up and show
you what's in here its pack pack pack
alright so the first thing that I'm
going to pull out is this little cloth
here which is yellow and amazingly soft
this is what I'm actually going to be
using in case the baby because i want to
wipe his or her face something like that
um this really really cute soft cloth
for that i also am going to be packing
two babes i have a 1 bid but i also have
to have a backup that's just my
personality this one is in thank heaven
for grandmas and then this one says my
aunt loves me and these are everything
you're going to see is neutral because
as I told you guys before we don't know
the sex of the baby so and lots of cute
little animals it'll giraffe on there so
anyways that's um bibs um and I also
have some diapers little newborn baby
diapers you guys can see right here I
got about 200 diapers and 260 whites
back here so that's going to get us
through a little while I don't even know
how long that's going to last but that's
kind of how are we getting started but I
got a couple of these cute little tiny
baby diapers I have about six of them
even though we only live about seven to
10 miles away from the hospital where
I'll be delivering so I don't even need
all of this stuff but the military in me
says just put it in there so I got that
and then just in case I really want to
try this I'm thinking about it but this
is the this is a cloth paper that was
sent to me by a company called little
monsters
I was supposed to do a review for them
but they only sent me one diaper and I
don't think I can conduct the real
review with only one diaper so i'm
debating on it if you guys want to find
out more about little monsters i'll
leave a link to them below this is one
of their little unisex diapers comes
like this and then they have like a
little this is the cloth insert but one
diaper is not enough to do a whole
review I was hoping that I could try it
for a week and tell you guys how I like
cloth diapering but one diaper but
anyway I appreciate them for sending us
i want to show you guys that and as far
as clothes and stuff i have two long
sleeve onesies just in case something
were to happen to one of them i have to
have a backup for everything and these
the ones that had like a little mitten
just in case they wanna this meant
babies want to scratch their face so i
have like a little mitten ones these are
for newborns about five to eight pounds
not mistaken cute little long sleeve
onesies and then i also have a little
outfit for the baby to come home in of
course it's unisex and it's cute it's
got like a little ducks and little frogs
on there and yellow and green to think
it's adorable and have a long one right
here I think this is five to eight
pounds if i'm not mistaken as well or
eight to twelve one of the two and then
i have the little hats and then i also
has little mittens to go with it i'm not
sure which one these little hats that go
with it because it's going to be cold
baby will be born in november so it's
gonna be a little bit chilly outside so
i wanted to have little hats as well and
then I have a little receiving blanket I
opted for a green-and-white striped
receiving blanket keeping everything
unisex lots of green lots of yellow um
what else and I have little comb and
brush just to kind of get the baby I
camera-ready because I know my family's
gonna be like girl we need some pictures
so i'm going to make sure the baby's
hair isn't looking all like who shot
John but have that I didn't want to pack
all of my wife's I have a crazy amount
of wipes back there so I have a little
small kind of sample pack this has a
couple of wipes in here just just just
to get me home really because like I
said I'm coming
home and I live like seven miles away at
seven minutes away so yeah um that's
almost it now the only thing else now
this part hit right here is near and
dear to my heart I'm kind of a
sentimental type of person so I'm if
this is a girl I want her to feel a
connection to her two older sisters so I
wanted her to have items that belong to
them both so if it's a little girl these
are two onesies that kya wore when she
was first born I would like for the baby
if she's a girl to wear one of these
underneath her little um sleeper if Cuba
sky like a little monkey here in little
polka dots and this one also had a
little monkey on here little polka dots
I just really like that idea of kind of
giving her a connection to her sisters
and hopefully if I can find it i'll
leave a link to kya wearing one of these
you guys can see that she rocked this
when she was first born I'm loving me
only she's a girl of course and also in
she's a girl I want her to have
something from her older sister my older
daughter Jana so I have this blanket in
here which is super warm and super soft
and it actually has yiannis um initials
embroidered on it and it's crazy crazy
saw this is the blanket that the baby
will have to come home in if the baby is
a girl so she's a girl she's going to
have her little sisters her older
sisters onesies on and she's also going
to have big sisters on blanket to come
home and I just wanted them to already
have like a bond in a way but if it's a
boy he will have this blanket right here
which has this cute little giraffe on it
and I'm upside down the sku lose your
wrap on it and this is super soft and
plush and everything like that now also
in this bag which is the last thing I
want to show you guys last thing and you
know I think it's almost the last thing
and this is this comes with the bag and
this is a little changing pad that's
going to be in here because it comes
with the bag and then in this back pouch
back here I have an additional outfit
just in case something goes wrong with
the outfit that I chose so I have kind
of like two outfits two hats too
to everything and this one's really cute
cute little chickadees on there and
that's pretty much at the only thing
that I'm missing out of this bag that i
think that i would like to throw in here
before the baby comes is maybe some
newborn socks um I saw some socks when I
was out recently but they were and I
just wanted Plain White Sox and they
were like pink and blue and nothing
neutral so I was like so I'm gonna wait
and get some white socks white newborn
socks and that's pretty much it if you
guys think of anything that I might be
forgetting please let me know in the
comments section below thumb up thumbs
up this video if you found it helpful
and i'll see you guys in the next video
next time later D was induced deuces